doc: Document ThingsBoard integration (#88)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/integrations/cloud-integrations/thingsboard/scheduling-downlinks/_index.md

---
title: "Scheduling Downlinks with ThingsBoard"
description: ""
weight: 3
---

> Learn to schedule a downlink message to be sent to your end device from ThingsBoard by following steps in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn to schedule a downlink message to be sent to your end device from ThingsBoard by following the steps in this section.
```

<!--more-->

> >**Note:** This example shows the steps to create a setup that schedules a downlink message when the device attribute changes. This requires modifying the **Root Rule Chain**. For more details, visit the [Getting Started with Rule Engine](https://thingsboard.io/docs/user-guide/rule-engine-2-0/re-getting-started/) section of the official ThingsBoard documentation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** This example shows the steps to create a setup that schedules a downlink message when the device attributes change. This requires modifying the **Root Rule Chain**. For more details, visit the [Getting Started with Rule Engine](https://thingsboard.io/docs/user-guide/rule-engine-2-0/re-getting-started/) section of the official ThingsBoard documentation page.
```
